It's all going to take a hundred years.
Even the power of the whole faction
Not necessarily its opponent
How could Xiao Yingfeng beat him?
Hmph, if he dies here
I will be less in the future. He called me over.
He must have been injured just now
mortal body
How to contend with the devil?
Chief, please help him
It's not that I don't help
Now the two of them fight like fire and water
So I can help
I am the head of a faction
In case of defeat by the canine demon
I became a joke
This master is still too weak to take action
It's too weak. Children in the palace like you lick my enemy
involuntarily
Fang Cun has disappeared sweating profusely
You can find a way to build up your strength quickly.
Scold me again
Scolding, not scolding, right, idiot?
Curse a fool, a fool, an idiot
Silly donkey stupid pig
Silly pig
You're all a bunch of trash
It's your words